README.md, before:

# Sajj Design System

## Description
Sajj Design System is a set of design rules and a component library that lets you prototype faster with easy-to-use cross-platform components

## Development Approach
### Build one component at a time
![Avatar](https://www.componentdriven.org/component.svg)

Build each component in isolation and define its relevant states. Start small.
- Avatar
- Button
- Input
- Tooltip

### Combine components
![Avatar](https://www.componentdriven.org/composition.svg)

Compose small components together to unlock new features while gradually increasing complexity.
- Form
- Header
- List
- Table

### Assemble pages
![Avatar](https://www.componentdriven.org/page.svg)

Build pages by combining composite components. Use mock data to simulate pages in hard-to-reach states and edge cases.
- Home page
- Settings page
- Profile page

### Integrate pages into your project
![Avatar](https://www.componentdriven.org/integrate.svg)

Add pages to your app by connecting data and hooking up business logic. This is when your UI meets your backend APIs and services.
- Web app
- Marketing site
- Docs site

## Installation
To install and run the project, follow these steps...

## Usage
Here's how you can use it...

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please follow the guidelines...

## License
This project is licensed under MIT

Commit message:

Add benefits of design system in README file

README.md, after:

# Sajj Design System

## Description
Sajj Design System is a set of design rules and a component library that lets you prototype faster with easy-to-use cross-platform components

## Development Approach
### Build one component at a time
![Avatar](https://www.componentdriven.org/component.svg)

Build each component in isolation and define its relevant states. Start small.
- Avatar
- Button
- Input
- Tooltip

### Combine components
![Avatar](https://www.componentdriven.org/composition.svg)

Compose small components together to unlock new features while gradually increasing complexity.
- Form
- Header
- List
- Table

### Assemble pages
![Avatar](https://www.componentdriven.org/page.svg)

Build pages by combining composite components. Use mock data to simulate pages in hard-to-reach states and edge cases.
- Home page
- Settings page
- Profile page

### Integrate pages into your project
![Avatar](https://www.componentdriven.org/integrate.svg)

Add pages to your app by connecting data and hooking up business logic. This is when your UI meets your backend APIs and services.
- Web app
- Marketing site
- Docs site

## Benefits of Design System

1. **Quality:** Verify that UIs work in different scenarios by building components in isolation and defining their relevant states.

2. **Durability:** Pinpoint bugs down to the detail by testing at the component level. It’s less work and more precise than testing screens.

3. **Speed:** Assemble UIs faster by reusing existing components from a component library or design system.

4. **Efficiency:** Parallelize development and design by decomposing UI into discrete components then sharing the load between different team members.


## Installation
To install and run the project, follow these steps...

## Usage
Here's how you can use it...

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please follow the guidelines...

## License
This project is licensed under MIT
